Love is a complex issue even for the ones who have been knee-deep in it for too long. On top of that, human behavior in itself is an intricate web of realities and facts to understand. Coupling both of these things together, it can be quite difficult to get the hints that the emotions one is showing are indeed of love. Everyone expresses the colors of love differently, depending on both their age and gender; basically because their psychological and emotional responses to handle this thing called love vary. Women do it differently than men and vice versa. Though the former might tend to make it either more complex or simpler than it actually is.Love is a very beautiful yet a very weird emotion. When a woman is in love, no matter how mature, sensible or in control of her life she is, one will be able to observe a few differences or changes in her personality which would indicate that she is madly and deeply in love.She might act like a child or the wisest one; sometimes she may be all loud and clear about it and at other times, she will be exceptionally silent about it. It can be a total paradox at times too she might say one thing while she means the other. Her actions, when she is in love, might not always coincide with her intentions. And all this confusion and not-so-straightforward behavior is all due to the fact she has hopelessly fallen in love with you. To harbor such strong emotions as those of love often makes a woman lose track of her common ground, making her behave rather unexpectedly and strangely.Here, we have a list of 10 indications which can tell a person that is a woman is deeply in love with him. These changes are usually noticed by the man himself who wants to know whether the woman is in love or not or by the friends of that woman.It is quite a common feeling to have those butterflies fluttering around in your stomach when you are around the one you love. Women, being the more sensitive ones, tend to handle such a sensation differently.When a woman is around a man that she is deeply in love with, people around her start to notice a few changes in her. Those changes in her mainly highlight the enhanced feminine qualities of the woman. People would observe that the woman starts to get shy over small things, such as communicating directly with the one she loves, hesitating to make direct eye contact, rigid body postures and so forth.Such shy body language is an instant and an obvious sign she has deep feelings of love for that special someone. She cares what you think of her and her feelings towards you get the best of her, hence leading to all the shyness. When the man is around her, even her voice would turn a little squeaky and low.The reason for shyness is usually due to the increased heart rate and the butterflies in her tummy. In some cases, it is beyond the woman s control, no matter how confident she is. This is a really good indication of telling that she is in love with that man.&nbsp;&nbsp;