</p> In this world and age, we have to face the monstrous unsavory truth that no matter what you do or accomplish for someone, there will always be people who will take you for granted. They will make you feel insufficient and unworthy of their love. You can get water from the moon from them but they will always have a bad demeanor towards you. When you start to pull away, they will suffocate. You will be like the air around them; people only understand what kind of a blessing it is until there s none left for them to inhale. In that moment, you will truly understand that you were not unworthy of anything but it was their inadequacies that made you feel so. You always deserved something much better. I want to look you in the eye and tell you that no one has the right to treat you this way. Our hearts already have to bear the brunt of our fragile insecurities; they don t need more pain and suffering from someone who is expected to comprehend our fears. Here are sure signs that your boyfriend is taking advantage of your extra care and love. 1. You are not his priority I have seen a lot of people in my life who are always working hard, without having any time to spend with their family and friends. These kinds of people always make up for lost time on weekends or off days. They always have a genuine reason for their absence, and then there are people who will be dozing off on their bed, without even bothering to return your texts. It is quite unfortunate that lying in the bed for a few more minutes is more important to them than reciprocating someone s love. PreviousNext In this world and age, we have to face the monstrous unsavory truth that no matter what you do or accomplish for someone, there will always be people who will take you for granted. They will make you feel insufficient and unworthy of their love. You can get water from the moon from them but they will always have a bad demeanor towards you. When you start to pull away, they will suffocate. You will be like the air around them; people only understand what kind of a blessing it is until there s none left for them to inhale. In that moment, you will truly understand that you were not unworthy of anything but it was their inadequacies that made you feel so. You always deserved something much better. I want to look you in the eye and tell you that no one has the right to treat you this way. Our hearts already have to bear the brunt of our fragile insecurities; they don t need more pain and suffering from someone who is expected to comprehend our fears. Here are sure signs that your boyfriend is taking advantage of your extra care and love. I have seen a lot of people in my life who are always working hard, without having any time to spend with their family and friends. These kinds of people always make up for lost time on weekends or off days. They always have a genuine reason for their absence, and then there are people who will be dozing off on their bed, without even bothering to return your texts. It is quite unfortunate that lying in the bed for a few more minutes is more important to them than reciprocating someone s love. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) More Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Related Share this on WhatsApp