Cheating is a dirty word. And a fact of life that many couples go through.It s a painful human experience that can be traumatic for some. Cheating usually happens when a person is not satisfied with their relationship or perhaps they feel there s something missing.Whatever the reason, I can t say that I accept the behavior of cheaters. Especially since it s a sore point, having experienced a partner who has cheated. Since then I ve interviewed 100s of women to find out why they cheat on their partners? Cheating on someone you love is like throwing away a diamond and replacing it with a rock. My research began after my boyfriend cheated on me. The person I loved connected with another woman whilst I was studying. When I found out, all trust was lost. His reason was: It was just a flirtation that went too far. He slept with my best friend. They shared common ground: me. Their affair died as soon as I left the equation. It left me wondering if I could have done more with both of my relationships. And after six months had passed, I realized I was much better off without them.On the flip side, women cheat mostly because they re missing the emotional connection with their partners and feel lonely. They experience the lack of communication, passion, and even old fashioned intimacy such as holding hands.After collating data from women to find out what went wrong with their relationships, I ve compiled the common reasons why women cheat. This list includes solutions to help you save your relationship and get you back on track:1. Emotional connection.Many women who cheat complain they have little to no emotional connection with their man. This may be due to him being exhausted from work or having too much on. He may be working so hard, he s done talking for the night.The Solution: Date NightTake your woman on a date every week. It s pretty simple. Take her to dinner, make her dinner or go see a movie together. You don t have to talk when you re looking lovingly into each others eyes. Wrap your arms around her at the movies or hold her hands. A little affection and romance go a long way. If she s not affectionate, then show her by spending quality time with her doing something she enjoys.&nbsp;