&nbsp;&nbsp;The 9 se.xiest fore.play tips to burn the sheets in bed!Does the thought of fo.replay in bed stress you out? Or do you wonder what you can do to stimulate your lover and experience the mad rush of passionate se.x like a h0rny one night stand?Try these 9 fo.replay tips, and you ll see that these tips are not just easy, they ll explode your mind with sexual ideas and naughty thoughts every time you re in bed with your sexy other.#1 Outside the bedroom.Se.x is predictable when it s initiated within the walls of the bedroom. Every now and then, initiate se.x outside the bedroom. You don t have to sit close and slip your hands into your lover s shorts out of the blue. That s just predictable again!Instead, get closer *innocently* and sit down for a few minutes while watching the television together. Just stroke your lover s hands or play with their fingers, and when you feel the tingle of love, kiss your partner or cozy up under a blanket. Before you know it, both of you would be having spontaneous intercourse without even realizing it.&nbsp;#2 Shock each other.It s easy to feel sexually desensitized when you see the same package or pair every day, all the time, and at times, even in the most unflattering of circumstances *toilet?*. But by doing something unique and sexually risqu , you can change the numb sensation into a sexual frenzy instantly.Show your assets off, but shock and awe your partner while doing it. Give your lover a sneak peek in public, text each other, grind each other on the dance floor, or undress yourself slowly and ask your partner to make love to you while you re leaning against your bedroom window!&nbsp;#3 Learn to kiss passionately.Those quick sparrow pecks of goodbye kisses may work while saying goodbye and rushing to office in the mornings. But in bed, that s one of the biggest sexual turn offs.Take your time. Even if you ve kissed your lover a million times, a slow and sensual kiss can still feel just as intim.ate and sexy as a first kiss. Close your eyes, place your lips on your lover s lips and play along, while moving your lips softly, slowly and purposefully.Breathe into each other slowly, and just experience the sensation. After all, there is nothing that feels as sexy as a perfect kiss with a lover who knows to kiss you just the way you want to be kissed.&nbsp;#4 Explore their body.Don t be in a hurry. As you kiss your lover, run your hands along their back or over their arms or shoulders. Penetration doesn t have to be the only sexy thing you do in bed.Gently kiss your partner s neck, their arms and the rest of their body. If your partner moans or relaxes their body, they probably like what you re doing.Let your hands linger all over their body, but as you do that, close your eyes and run your lips over the rest of the body. Just experience the way your lover s body feels against your lips. It s sensual and ar0using, and it ll surely make both of you feel really h0rny!&nbsp;&nbsp;#5 Dirty talk.This is one of the sexiest things in you do in bed. And the best part about dirty talking in bed is that it can help you talk about your darkest sexual fantasies without the fear of being judged by your lover.It ll bring both of you closer, make both of you feel more inti.mate, and it ll open a new door of sexual bliss that ll make intercourse feel as exciting as the first time, all the timeYou can talk dirty anywhere, in bed or even in the living room. Just talk about something naughty, be it an incident or a fantasy of yours. All it takes is a few sentences before both of you feel stiff around the loins!&nbsp;&nbsp;#6 Use a mirror.It s surprising just how many people find mirrors exciting and fun. Prop a long mirror horizontally on the bed, right next to the both of you.Get na.ked and play with each other s bodies while watching each other in the mirror. Just watching your partner getting stroked and teased in the mirror is a huge turn on that s definitely worth experiencing.And having intercourse while watching yourselves in the mirror? Well, that just gets even better!&nbsp;&nbsp;#7 Watch a movie.Sometimes, the stress of fo.replay can make intercourse feel awkward and forced. You know you have to indulge in fo.replay, and your partner knows it too.And all the drama and the stress of fo.replay can just make you dislike it. So try something else that ll play the part of good fo.replay.Watch a good movie, with a plot that both of you would enjoy. Just slip under the blanket, watch the movie and run your hands against each other.And at some point in the movie, both of you would be more than ready to do the deed yourselves. And then, you get to have intercourse, watch a sexy movie, talk about the acts they re doing on the movie, and 0rga.sm on a crescendo all at once. Isn t that just perfect?!&nbsp;&nbsp;#8 Enact your fantasies.Fo.replay is fun for both lovers only when both of you enjoy it. And if you re not enjoying what you re doing, you may end up hating fo.replay and start avoiding intercourse just to skip the fo.replay.So try something that you know will excite you *and your lover at the same time*. Do you have a sexual fantasy that makes you feel h0rny each time you re alone?Talk about it with your partner, or enact it with them. It could be something sexually taboo, or a role playing idea or something that you ve always wanted to do in bed.Talk about it with your lover while stroking each other, and try it. As long it arouses both of you, it s something that ll help both of you experience a sexual fantasy and make intercourse more exciting at the same time.&nbsp;&nbsp;#9 Naughty games.There s nothing like a bit of fun in bed to take the stress off sexual fo.replay and make intercourse feel naughtier, kinkier and a lot sexier.Don t focus on fo.replay, and don t think of intercourse. On a lazy afternoon or evening, just get into bed, and play a few dirty games. And once you start enjoying these games, you d want to play them every single day!Intercourse can truly be the sexiest thing on earth, even if you ve been doing it with the same person for several years. All it takes is a few naughty twists to make it as exciting as the first time, every few months.&nbsp;&nbsp;And if you use these 9 sexual fo.replay tips for men and women the next time in bed, you ll realize how dirty and naughty each of these tips can really be. And you ll learn just how easy it is to improvise on these 9 ideas and create a new personal sexual fo.replay tip yourself!&nbsp;&nbsp;